W-17017170-policy-edit-command-requires-valid-payload-fa (#274)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-cli: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/api-mgr.adoc

Edits the policy configuration passed in `<policyInstanceId>` for the API instance passed in `<apiInstanceId>`.

> IMPORTANT: You must resend the full configuration each time a custom policy is edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: If you are udpating an included Mule Gateway policy, you can include only the changed values in the configuration.
However, if you are updating a custom policy, you must send the full configuration each time a custom policy is edited.
```
